---
	Major Goal:
		Combat - Keep Your Trash In Your Own Yard -> Bullet Cave PVP -> Judges
		
	Backlog:
		Major Feature
		
	Bugs:
		Stop horizontal scrolling on chat window
		
	Accomplished Major Goals:
		Restore features that existed in prototype
---
2025 July 9
	Accomplished Tasks:
		Created a git repo to help with version management
		Player no longer moves while typing and this works in multiplayer + singleplayer
		Setup better UI for emote buttons
		Created a clever way to load profile data into GUI without complicating app more
		Emote buttons are now networked and you can spam emotes B)
		
	Today's Goal:
		[v] Stop moving while typing

	Let's see... adding emote buttons back... okay yeah. Little bit of anxiety with getting this to
	work, but let's see... I can probably take the json loaded from the profile and pass it to
	the emote buttons area and then have the main app communicate between those buttons and the
	local_player's character... or the local_player and have the player communicate to its character
	............. seems like an okay starting point.
	
	---
	
	Alright. Emote buttons exist again and look way better than in the prototype.
	Clicking them emits an event that get's bubble up to the app. Just need to connect it
	to the player
	
	Emote buttons now work locally... need to figure out how to network that an emote/action has
	started... I don't think I can do this without RPC'ing though...

2025 July 8
	Accomplished Tasks:
		Added some debug spritesheets for testing character select
		The profile object now finds sprites in the characters folder
		Selecting a character changes which sprite to load in
		character preview shows the spritesheet you have selected
		Selected character is networked across clients
		
	Current goal:
		Restore the state control so the character animates based on its state
		like in the prototype
		
	--- GOAL ACCOMPLISHED!!! The "Rotation" of the sprite is now being applied
		correctly to the idle and walk. Have yet to test the other states, but
		this is enough for me to move forward
		
		... new problem
		
	Update how sprites are rendered so we are tracking which state we are in
	and then letting the local sprite figure out what that means...
	
	BUT WE SOLVED IT!
		Sprites are loading loading okay between host and client as well as client and client
		
	Still need to add emotes, but hopefully that is only state related problem
		
2025 July 7
	Accomplished Tasks:
		Users can move around again...
		Learned a lot about how the networking works
		Restructured the character object back into existence
		Character object now networks sprite correctly
		Camera movement and whatnot restored
		
	Spent a lot of today figuring out why things broke when I nested the networked sprite
	Turns out I need to be careful about assigning data to things I instantiate since the
	multiplayer spawner won't replicate objects with the data I've assigned after its
	instantiation

2025 July 6
	Accomplished Tasks:
		Chatting is now working again!
		Text input has all the fancy features one would expect from a modern chat program
		Chat is now scrollable and it feels good
		
	Notes:
		The chat input emits a "user is typing" event. I intend to use this to denote to other
		players when a user is typing by adding some kind of emote of their avatar
		and, optionally, playing an animation if the character has one setup for that action

	Possible next steps:
		Get player moving around again
		Add susie sprite sheet
		Make the character selector work by scanning the characters folder
		Make disconnect button work

2025 July 5
	Accomplished Tasks:
		> Re-open menu options during play by pressing esc
		> Fixed errors with sprite frames being out-of-bounds when instantiated
		> Can start singleplayer without issue
		> Work on setting up GUI for game play
		> Game stage management
		> A little progress on re-creating the chat functionality

2025 July 4
	Objects have been REALLY organized after borking my initial prototype.
	Still need to spend some time figuring out how to best organize the player
	Spent a lot of time making a nice UI
	
	Top priority is getting this project back to the "Noelle Chatroom" prototype.
	
	And here is a list of things that I can do so I don't forget
	TODO:
		Re-open options menu by pressing ESC after having joined a game/singleplayer
		
		work on making singleplayer work
		
		Disconnect from server and return to main menu
		Have the player get assigned which character belongs to it
			player will now be an already created local object that manipulates a created net object
			Spend some time working on this
			
		Camera exists as its own node structure separate from the player, but still listens for inputs

		Still need to make a susie sprite sheet
		
		Selecting between Susie or Noelle
		
		Create a Player Character node that extends Character3D
			Has a Display name label that floats above it

		Have character preview/select start with the first valid element
			- also populate this dynamically based on characters in the Characters/ folder.
			
		If you don't enter a name, your name is "Nameless" when joining/playing

		Persist settings with config eventually
